hey Conroy come on Mountain board ready
wet Noguchi a twister pull it's about
time you graced us with your presence
glad you finally decided to show up
chill dude I'm here now who's winning so
far so far is this little spawn above
Elam Gotham jr. his father is giving me
some serious grief with these fervent
modifications I tell you man he's trying
to make things so difficult that I'll
either go out of business or sell Matt
down to him yeah well I'm gonna show him
no one means on my buddies and no one
messes with my junk food ah get a
booster you rock show that little tyrant
we're not going to give up our town not
without a fight
and
that kid I retired
coinage got something for me there
Conroy on the first prize award of the
bungee mm Moulton board is awarded to
Maurice twister Rodriguez for his
outstanding performance come on man give
it up for twister never hear it
everybody
hey Junior in your face what is that
supposed to impress me you might have
won that mountain board once my family
owns everything around here
you all would have anywhere to write it
then that little short chat you like
it's way too small to be turned into
something good I was thinking of
converting it into a garage once you
finished buying appear as if we're going
to stop you and your dad dork yeah we'll
see about that but for now I have to go
warm up my new car for the bumper car
demolition turn perhaps I'll run into
you bitch
smell you later loser